Docs: add SEO meta descriptions to each page (#1699)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/FAQ.md

---
weight: 13
title: FAQ

> description: "Frequently asked questions comparing VictoriaLogs with Elasticsearch, OpenSearch, and Loki."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Frequently asked questions about VictoriaLogs, including comparisons with Elasticsearch, Loki, and ClickHouse, disk usage, field limits, and sizing."
```
